welcome to Regan's awesome rustling
today we're going to a little bit of
commentary on a clip from a Steve Austin
show on podcast one this is gonna be
Steve Austin talking to Bret Hart about
some of omens greatest pranks let's go
ahead and roll the clip I always heard a
story i think was before i came in a
company and everybody knew and we'll
cover this in more detail next time
you're on the show but Owen used to pull
ribs on everybody and he kept the whole
crew laughs and whether you're in the
ring and he could also have a great
match in the ring but when it was time
for a little bit of haha he was that guy
and through the airports on the road
everybody left with Owen but one time I
guess it was like a battle royal
situation you guys are overseas I want
to say it was India and somehow Owen
snuck a bunch of tuna fish into the ring
and while you're on the mat stuck the
tuna fish in your mouth I had you in a
camel clutch is that a true story yeah
we get is the true story what happened
hi I can't remember I don't I think it
was a little more subtle than that I
think he I can't remember but it doesn't
up some reason I'm thinking it was true
okay so what was the best rib Owen
played that you sell well I think the
best one was uh the vessel was along
with some for me anyway was the one with
my dad reg Park no I happened red spark
used to wrestle he was one of the first
guys to make Championship Wrestling
Belcher give a little hot yesterday rich
Alex years and really nice ones yes nice
it was exam bodybuilder who's had a
really good body he had a really good
physique and with a you know fairly
respected bodybuilding before you got
into wrestling and it always took good
care of his body always was a good
athlete and stuff like that pretty mild
kind of timid guy but not a shooter or
anything like that and uh olin could
disguise his voice too soon have you met
red you know one only met him a couple
of times they went through phoenix and
stuff live in phoenix yeah you know
sooner women loved them and everyone
somalian come up and visit Calgary cuz
Phoenix's
kind of calgary serve twins or whatever
and they you know reg would come up all
the time and say hi different times a
year and you know passing through and so
we kind of knew him you know a little
bit knew that he works for my dad knew
who he was and I wrestle me for I
thinking in New Jersey or so I brought
my dad down and he was gonna be sweet
with me and one of my kids in the room
and he had a big long night shirt on he
was having a great time you see a Miss
would his first WrestleMania and it was
meeting different guys and wrestlers and
and all and decide to calm his first
thing in the morning and we just get not
the kind of breakfast and stuff like
that my dad's and his nightshirt and
Owen decided he's gonna call my dad off
from the lobby of the hotel to pretend
he's reg Park and he he calls up and I
answer the phone it was my room and uh
he fooled me guys who is this he goes
stretch park could we talk to your
father her son my time he disguised he
did sound just like ranch park now hand
the phone to my dad I go stretch park my
dad gets on this like he's how the hell
are you raging rich yeah yeah you know
they're laughing no one's kind of
playing along with it and they're having
a couple good chat chat away just like
the real redwood and and then all said
no one just turned on my dad let's do
you never had the guts to never had the
ball to try me or so good that was what
it was you never had the balls to try me
and he kept saying it to stew and call
us to Colin still out on the phone and
calm that he knew that he wanted one
just want us to to fight him in the
lobby of the hotel well I just remember
seeing my dad's face while he's holding
the phone first was like how are you
avenged and all that in the middle
laters edge if he's wanted to try me
waiting to try me and I ever get so
worked up over you and kept taking it
further and further and further until we
got hysterical and he couldn't take it
anymore and my dad kept getting more war
wound up until I was actually I gotta be
I might have to step in and take the
phone from him and all
my dad I remember he slammed the phone
down on the bed sat on the bed night
sure everyone's just shaking his hand he
looked at me goes allows the oh and he
got me no one finally just said it's me
on when I born your leg yes it was you
know it really was the funniest I think
that he ever did he got my dad big time
oh Jesus Chris Oh baby laughs thinking
about it so there you had some oh owens
cory spinks no really it was one of the
ones way his pranks I mean I couldn't
imagine somebody a statue Stu harking a
prank like that pulled on him though for
me I started watching wrestling in 1983
I loved it in the 90s I loved it the 90s
even love the cheesy stuff the early 90s
and watching Owen Hart I mean he was one
of my favorite Russell's to watch I just
could not get enough for this guy I
could not get enough of him and seeing
as a this one was a you know Brett
talking about some of his favorite Owen
stuff want you in the comments tell me
some of your favorite Owen moments what
what did you like about what you love
when you saw Owen Hart do it what did
you love what is your favorite Owen Hart
memory so go ahead and subscribe comment
tell me your own heart story let me know
what you loved about Owen Hart
you